every so often a film comes along with a
guy a girl a werewolf and an ancient
world at a wedding between the worlds
will see dangerous secret agent and the
President of the United States who
completely we complete each other and we
complete America
you may kiss this fine
with a no-nonsense rookie cup I'm not
gonna make it and a dog who plays sports
it's go time
[Music]
because sometimes the impossible doesn't
happen for me Andy you're my only firmed
I wish you were alive but miracles do I
am Alive Michael that everything you
believe but soon you is a lie won't be
[Applause]
starring Academy Award winner Charlize
Theron lawyer you Academy Award winner
Tom Hanks you're out of order
Bryan Cranston weenus here everybody's
got to have a wiener
Jeff Goldblum
got your test results back gary oldman
and I'm so sorry senator
you're a centaur
[Music]
look Cameron Diaz you're the last person
I ever thought I'd fall in love with
because sometimes you find the life
where you least expect it on the boat
that's on top of a plane so we're about
to give the word fly a whole new name
with snakes on it from visionary
directors JJ Abrams and Martin Scorsese
action I love you with all my heart and
are you hmm
but on this our wedding day I find it
important to tell you yes my god I'm
blind
once oh please do not try and put
describe
[Music]
really
it's the teeth of a small-town family
with big-city dreams and a baby I am
beautiful
who talks sorry makes you younger I
can't go to work as a baby Daniel
day-lewis as you've never seen him
before
as Tyler berry as George Washington
based on the true story of a
down-and-out Texas football team pushed
to the brink by a millionaire tycoon
[Music]
close starring Kate Beckinsale I needed
that now get out
Chewbacca Danny DeVito
[Music]
Academy Award winner melon sweet in a
mustache Academy Award winner Helen
Leyland in a hovercraft
yeah oh my
[Music]
Academy Award winner Christoph Waltz no
one could say be in the corner Academy
Award winner Matt Damon cuz there's a
star at the end of the rainbow a big old
shootin star who we're going to cut out
of the movie are you kidding me I won't
kill you Kimmel grace disabled NASA
scientist yeah that's that boy a meteor
hurtling towards Earth
who's that riding on it
we get recently
as black Hitler
[Music]
[Laughter]
I'm on it
I'm on it No No
not now
this Thanksgiving and Christmas and
summer 2012
a romantic we coming political action
thriller drama based on the novel push
by South
Phillipa hundred watches The Terminator
The Hunt for Red October Dora the
Explorer and the rooty tooty fresh and
fruity breakfast
Saiki
[Applause]
what body
[Music]
[Applause]
the movie
see you later
[Applause]
[Music]